What’s the first thing people notice about you or you notice about someone?  It’s your smile! To help you obtain and maintain a great smile and healthy white teeth, Dr. Libbi Finnessy, Bellevue Dentist provides smile makeover cosmetic dentistry that will make you look and feel your greatest self.


Dr. Libbi Finnessy is a “Best of 425” and “Best of Seattle” top dentist who will give you a “Smile Makeover.” She will give you a beautiful smile that will turn heads and open doors for you. Discover how cosmetic dentistry will enhance your appearance and self-confidence…
A beautiful, healthy smile helps build the foundation for overall health and confidence. Take charge of your smile and see what the team at Bellevue Dental Health can do for you!
Dr. Libbi Finnessy practices a full scope of general and cosmetic dentistry with expertise ranging from porcelain veneers, crowns, bridges,oral surgery and dental implants in bellevue. Dr. Libbi can now correct a wide variety of cosmetic dental problems and can help you redesign your smile. Call today and let us welcome you.

Filling Restoration
Many people still have silver/mercury fillings in their mouths from years past. These fillings are not particularly pleasing to the eye, and we know that by unavoidable design, silver/mercury fillings ultimately result in a weaker tooth structure.  Tooth Colored Restorations create fillings that are not only beautiful (or unnoticeable) but also add strength to weakened teeth. Also oral implants bellevue wa

These restorations are esthetically pleasing and very strong thanks to new bonding technologies. Disadvantages of Silver fillings:
Silver fillings have many drawbacks. The edges of the silver filling can wear down, become weak or break. This results in the tooth not being protected and lets cavities get started once again. With age, the metal of a silver filling expands, contracts, and can split.
Silver fillings contain 50 percent mercury. They can corrode, leak and cause stains on your teeth and gums.
Fortunately, silver fillings can safely be replaced with Tooth-Colored Restorations.
Advantages of Tooth-Colored Restorations
There are many advantages to tooth-colored restorations. Such restorations can be used in instances where much of the tooth structure has been lost. The tooth remains intact and stronger.
Since the resin used in tooth-colored restorations contain fluoride this can help prevent decay. The resin wears like natural teeth and can be smoothly polished at the gum line, which is healthier for your gums.
The result is a beautiful smile!
Dental Sealants
Highly effective in preventing decay on the biting surfaces of your chewing teeth, dental sealants are a simple procedure in which a tooth-colored resin coating is painted onto the surface of the tooth. This effectively “seals” the deep grooves, acting as a barrier and protecting enamel from plaque and acids.

Easy to apply, sealants take only a few minutes to seal each tooth. Sealants hold up well under the force of normal chewing and can last several years before a reapplication is needed.
Sealants offer a cost-effective, preventative step to reduce the chances of tooth decay on the chewing surfaces of molars. However, they do not replace the need for regular brushing and flossing. Dr. Finnessy places sealants on almost all of the children in her practice as their natural grooves have not been worn done and are very difficult to keep clean upon eruption.
Sealants protect the depressions and grooves of your teeth from food particles and plaque that brushing and flossing can’t reach.
Children and adults can benefit from sealants in the fight against tooth decay.
Dental Bridges
All of your teeth play an important role in speaking, chewing and in maintaining proper alignment of other teeth. Tooth loss doesn’t necessarily have to occur as you age, but if you do lose teeth they must be replaced to maintain proper function of your mouth. Fortunately, there are options for correcting tooth loss.

Dental Bridge Options
A bridge — a device used to replace missing teeth — attaches artificial teeth to adjacent natural teeth, called abutment teeth. Bridges are either permanently attached (fixed bridges), or they can be removable.
Fixed bridges are applied by either placing crowns on the abutment teeth or by bonding the artificial teeth directly to the abutment teeth. Removable bridges are attached to the teeth with metal clasps or by precision attachments.
If you’re missing one or more teeth, you may be aware of their importance to your appearance and dental health. Your teeth work together for many daily functions from eating to speaking. With missing teeth, it’s difficult to do these things. Missing teeth can and should be replaced. Fixed bridges are a great way to restore your dental health and appearance.
What exactly is a bridge or fixed partial denture?
A bridge (fixed partial denture) is a device which fills the gap where teeth are absent. Fixed bridges are bonded into place and can only be removed by a dental professional. Removable bridges, as the name implies, can be taken out and cleaned. Fixed bridges offer more stability than their removable counterparts. Dr. Libbi, is the best dentist Bellevue.
Why do I need a bridge?
Oral functionality and appearance are important reasons for wearing a bridge. A bridge helps support your lips and cheeks. The loss of a back tooth may cause your mouth to sink and your face to look older.
Dental health is the most important reason for a bridge. Teeth were designed to complement each other. Unusual stresses are placed on the gums and other oral tissues when teeth are missing, causing a number of potentially harmful disorders.
Increased risk of gum disease has proven to be one of the worst side effects of missing teeth and can be minimized with a bridge.
Missing teeth can cause speech disorders as they are used to make many of the sounds we use to speak clearly.
How is a bridge attached?
The attachment procedure usually takes two or three appointments to complete. At the first appointment Dr. Libbi, top dentists in Bellevue, will prepare the teeth on either side of the gap by removing a portion of the enamel and dentin.
Since the bridge must be fabricated very precisely to ensure correct bite and to match the opposing tooth, impressions of the teeth are taken and sent to a lab where the bridge will be constructed.
Fixed bridges are typically cemented to the natural teeth next to the space left by the missing tooth. A pontic (false tooth) replaces the lost tooth. Crowns, which are cemented onto the natural teeth, provide support for the bridge.
What materials are used?
Bridges can be constructed from gold alloys, non-precious alloys, porcelain, or a combination of these materials. Porcelain is often bonded to either precious or non-precious metal.
How do I take care of my bridge?
A strict regimen of brushing and flossing will keep the bridge and surrounding teeth clean. This is of critical importance as the bridge relies on the neighboring teeth for support.



Dental Crowns
Our goal is to provide dentistry that looks and feels natural. We replace existing crowns and fillings with restorations that look and feel like your natural teeth.

Where damage to a person’s teeth is extreme, and apparently beyond repair, we can use porcelain or porcelain bonded to gold crowns to make the smile appear “as new”. This is an extremely reliable technique for repairing the most severe of dental problems, even permanently replacing missing teeth to offer a complete smile and a functional bite. We are renowned bellevue dental for the quality of our work and the fantastic changes we make for people using this technology. These treatments are used for a long-lasting correction of major dental problems.

How long does it take to fit a dental crown?
Fitting a crown requires at least two visits to our office. Initially, we will remove decay, shape the tooth, and fit it with a temporary crown of either plastic or metal. On the subsequent visit we will remove the temporary crown, and then fit and adjust the final crown. Finally, we will cement the crown into place and you have a new beautiful looking tooth.
Key Benefits of Dental Crowns
Replaces missing teeth.
Offers support to misshapen teeth or badly broken teeth.
Looks natural.
Fixes “smile” and functional chewing problems.
What are the capabilities of crowns?
Crown and bridgework is a very reliable solution for major dental problems caused through accidents, diseases or wear and tear. Major problems can usually be corrected using these techniques. Material used in these repairs is either high-grade porcelain, or porcelain bonded to gold, or Zirconia. A higher strength of the porcelain and gold materials is recommended to treat the most serious of dental problems. Where accidental damage has occurred, resulting in lost teeth, or where teeth have broken away through excessive wear, or as the result of old fillings breaking, crowns and/or bridges, tooth implant surgery bellevue can be used as a long-term solution.
Many people have unexplained pain from filled back teeth, which is usually due to hairline cracks in the chewing part of the tooth. Placing crowns on these teeth relieves the pain and allows a return of full dental function for these teeth. In front teeth, older fillings can both weaken the teeth and cause “appearance” problems due to staining or chipping. Porcelain crowns and bridges are suitable in cases where porcelain veneers are not. In teeth with root canal fillings, crowns can prevent breakage.

Tooth Bonding and Tooth Colored Fillings
We offer mercury-free dentistry and tooth bonding services. Many Bellevue (and the surrounding area) residents know that amalgam fillings are not only out of style but there’s evidence pointing to potentially harmful side-effects from silver fillings. We utilize tooth colored bonding material for fillings and for smile improvements that can improve the look and symmetry of your smile. If you are dealing with cavities, chips or cracks, come by to Bellevue Dental Health, we can help!

Fix chipped, jagged or gapped teeth with Cosmetic Bonding & Contouring

Does a little chip, jagged edge, or a gap between your front teeth compromise your otherwise attractive smile? In these cases, cosmetic dentist Dr. Libbi Finnessy may recommend a very simple procedure to repair your smile –  cosmetic tooth bonding or contouring and tooth veneers bellevue.

How Cosmetic Tooth Bonding Works:
The process of “cosmetic tooth bonding” involves 3 steps:

·        First, a tooth-colored resin is applied to the area that needs more tooth structure or a repair;
·        Then Dr. Libbi cures the resin with a special light and then artistically sculpts the material to blend with your existing tooth.
·        And finally, she polishes the area to a nice shine.
The finished product looks as good as new and completely fixes your smile. Many patients prefer tooth bonding to porcelain veneers because it is less costly, but porcelain veneers last longer than bonding. Contact us for best dental implants in Bellevue and to see which is the best solution for your case.

Smile Makeovers – If you have damaged or discolored teeth you can get a beautiful new “smile makeover” and perfect white teeth like you have always desired.
Do you have damaged teeth that make it embarrassing to smile? Do you want a brighter, whiter, more attractive smile that makes you look and feel great? Now you can get a stunning new smile with straight, bright, white teeth.
Book an appointment with top female dentist Bellevue.
